= SHH

Secret Squirrel

This is a command line utility for managing secure information such as accounts, passwords as individual files so that they can be easily managed in a version control repository.

You won't be hiding anything from the NSA with this level of encryption so it isn't recommended that you make your repository publicly accessible.

= Usage

Here you sit expectantly in front of a computer at the command line.

== Install

  gem install shh

(you may need to install gemcutter first)

== Launch

Open all 'secrets' stored in ~/.secret

  > shh

Opens all 'secrets' stored in foo/.secret

  > shh foo

== Authenticate

  Enter your passphrase

This passphrase will be used to encrypt and decrypt all of your secrets so don't make it too obvious.

== Listing mode

This mode allows you to view and edit 'entries' (which are encrypted hashes stored in files)

  list entries, edit entry, view entry or quit? l

  bitbucket (260f34de-6779-4367-af2a-44184dec1cc1)
  amazon (291a3e6c-2c7b-4960-a146-1f6635d9a74e)
  yahoo (2fe408e7-7f2b-4dc0-854a-c92c21f131ae)
  evernote (41ad0a21-eafc-4f70-9b0d-0251be207b9e)
  gmail (8b35c1f2-851d-40fc-bd12-c2aad12c370a)
  rememberthemilk (a499f612-d034-4e49-82a8-6967d29653a1)

* l - show entries
* e - edit or create entry
* v - view entry

== Viewing mode

This mode allows you to view (but not edit) an existing entry

  list entries, edit entry, view entry or quit? v bitbucket
  list keys, show key, copy key or quit?  l
  id,name,password,username
  list keys, show key, copy key or quit?  s username
  markryall

  list keys, show key, copy key or quit?  c password

* l - show entry keys
* s - show entry value on screen
* c - copy entry value to clipboard

== Editing mode

This mode is viewing mode plus some editing commands

  list entries, edit entry, view entry or quit? e bitbucket
  edit key, list keys, show key, delete key, copy key or quit? e foo
  Enter new value for foo
  bar
  edit key, list keys, show key, delete key, copy key or quit? d foo

* e - edit or create key
* d - remove a key

== Quitting mode

You don't want to be a quitter

= Future plans for world domination

* Add tab completion
* Add some color
* Add help
* Launch applications for urls
* Add multi line values (edit with default text editor)
* Include uuid as part of encryption key (and upgrade encryption on existing entries)
* add some source control (hg/git) commands
